add WIP OVERVIEW.md (#60)
pytorch/hydra-torch: OVERVIEW.md

# Overview

> The `hydra-torch` repo serves three purposes.

Reviewer: I think the intro needs some work:

maybe something along the lines of:

---
The audience for this library are Hydra users using PyTorch and related libraries (torchvision, ...)
The goals of this repository are:
1. Provide a maintained and tested implementation of config classes that can be used instantiate and configure various classes from the supported projects.
2. Provide examples and tutorials demonstrating best practices for using Hydra to configure PyTorch deep learning applications
3. Showcase a recommended approach for creating other similar configuration packages for other libraries
---

1. It demonstrates a standardization for creating and organizing Hydra configuration classes for the ML/torch community and beyond.
	- If someone wants to create their own `hydra-<library>` repo, `hydra-torch` points towards an upper bound on what it should look like.
2. It unifies a collection of classes across projects in one place, ensuring robust testing, version compatibility, and PyPI distributed packaging for each.
    - We see many hydra users reimplementing these classes (and not tracking APIs of the configured projects). `hydra-torch` factors this code out.
3. It provides best practices and guidance on how to organize code and utilize Hydra for research, production, and other innovative use cases.

##### Terminology for this overview:
- The overall effort and repo is named:`hydra-torch`
- **Library:** The library being configured
  - e.g. `torch`, `torchvision`
- **Project:** The project corresponding to the library being configured
  - e.g. `hydra-configs-torch`, `hydra-configs-torchvision`

> - **Package:** The installable package containing the configs
>   - here, also `hydra-configs-torch`, `hydra-configs-torchvision`. find definition in the project dir's `setup.py`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Package:** The installable package containing the configs. Usually corresponding to a specific project.
  - here, also `hydra-configs-torch`, `hydra-configs-torchvision`. find definition in the project dir's `setup.py`.
```

### Repo Structure
```
📂 hydra-torch
└ 📁 configen 				# source files used when generating package content. all projects have their own subdirectory here.
└ 📁 hydra-configs-torch		# a project corresponding to configuring a specific library (contains package definition)
└ 📁 hydra-configs-torchvision		# "
└ 📁 hydra-configs-<future-library> 	# "
└ 📁 examples				# use-cases and tutorials
```

Each `hydra-configs-<library-name>` defines its own package corresponding to a project it provides classes for. That is, `hydra-configs-torch` contains a package (with its own `setup.py`) which provides classes for `torch`.

> [`hydra-configs-projects.txt`](hydra-configs-projects.txt) specifies a list of projects this repo maintains. When adding a project, please update this file.

Reviewer: I think we can drop this, adding a project is not going to happen frequently and whoever is doing it will discover it easily enough.

### Packaging

This repo maintains multiple packages. An important area of consideration for these packages is to organize them such that they are compatible with each other and have an 'expected', intuitive structure. The easiest way to do this is to enforce a standard for all Hydra configs packages to follow.

> Our approach makes use of [Native Namespace Packages](https://packaging.python.org/guides/packaging-namespace-packages/#native-namespace-packages). This allows all packages to share the top level namespace `hydra_configs`. The only real requirement for this package format is to ensure there is no `__init__.py` located in the namespace folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our approach makes use of [Native Namespace Packages](https://packaging.python.org/guides/packaging-namespace-packages/#native-namespace-packages). This allows all packages to share the top level namespace `hydra_configs`. The only real requirement for this package format is to ensure there is *no* `__init__.py` located in the namespace folder.
```

The format for folder structure per project is always:
```
📂 hydra-configs-<library-name>     # the dir containing the package of configs for <library>
├ 📁 hydra_configs		    # the namespace we will always use
│ └ 📁 <library-name>		    # e.g. 'torchvision'
│   └ 📁 <library-subpackage-name>  # e.g. 'transforms'
│      ⋮
│      └ <module>.py                # e.g. 'transforms.py'
└ setup.py 			    # configures this package for setuptools
```

The beauty of this approach is that users can be sure the importing idiom is reliably:
```python
from hydra_configs.<project_name>.path.to.module import <ClassName>Conf
```

> 

Reviewer: For example,
```python
from hydra_configs.pytorch.optim import AdamConf
```

> This will retain compatibility even with repositories that define configs for hydra outside of the `hydra-torch` repo as long as they follow this pattern.

Reviewer: what compatibility?

Author: Need a good way to point out that using the namespace package design lets others create packages that are accessible using the same top-level namespace. This is what I meant by compatibility. We'll work on the wording to indicate this better.

Reviewer: I think we should probably have a small section about creating similar projects (inside or outside of this repo).
It's secondary at this time.

##### Metapackage

> For convenience, we also provide a metapackage called `hydra-torch`. This is defined at the top level of the repo in `setup.py`. Effectively, all this means is that a user can either install each project-specific package as needed or they can obtain them all in one shot by simply installing this singular metapackage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For convenience, we also provide a metapackage called `hydra-torch`. This is defined at the top level of the repo in `setup.py`. Effectively, all this means is that a user can either install each project-specific package as needed or they can obtain them all in one shot by installing only the meta metapackage.
```

### Configen

> We are actively developing the tool, [Configen](https://github.com/facebookresearch/hydra/tree/master/tools/configen) to automatically create config classes for Hydra. Much of the work for `hydra-torch` has helped prototype this workflow and it is still rapidly evolving.

Reviewer: From the perspective of users of this repo, they don't care that configen is evolving and that this repo is helping guiding its evolution.

```suggestion
[Configen](https://github.com/facebookresearch/hydra/tree/master/tools/configen) is a tool used to generate config classes for Hydra. This repo relies on it to generate and maintain most of the config dataclasses.
```

Reviewer: Looks like you didn't use this feedback in your CONTRIBUTING file.

> Currently, the workflow looks like the following:

Reviewer: Looks like everything from here is more of a developer guide for people that wants to contribute. it should probably go into a different page.

Author: Let's migrate this to CONTRIBUTING.md, and then just reference it here.
